Update scale doc for post 0.8.4 (#32)
openservicemesh/osm-docs: content/docs/scale/_index.md

	- Correctness is ensured. It is checked that all TrafficSplit server members are eventually reached.
- Test timeout for network correctness: 150 seconds

# Assessment and Limits
*Note: Assuming proxy per pod, so pod/proxies can be used interchangeably.*

> Test failed at around 1200 pods, with kubernetes unable to bring up in time a pod in the mesh.

Reviewer: What does "in time" mean here exactly?

Author: all testing waits for resources to be present and up and running a certain amount of time. It is this time in this case.

Reviewer: It may help to clarify what that threshold is here in the doc, or at least say that it's a limit we define in the test.

> ## CPU

Reviewer 2: nit: newline between L48-49

Author: will fix things as discussed. tnx for the rev

</p>
<center><i>Fig 1. Function of number of proxies onboarded during the test. Test period is ~1h.</i></center><br>

<p align="center">
  <img src="../images/scale/cpu.png" width="750" height="225"/>
</p>
<center><i>Fig 2. Function of CPU load; OSM in yellow, CPU time for each iteration (spike) increases in time per iteration.</i></center><br>

#### ADS Performance
- With the recent ADS pipelining changes in OSM, it is ensured not too many ADS updates are scheduled for busy work at the same time, ensuring low times as granted by the available CPU.
This yields more deterministic results, with all updates always under sub 0.10s window, and serialization of number of events as opposed to arbitrary scheduling from Golang.
<p align="center">
  <img src="../images/scale/histogram.png" width="1250" height="225"/>
</p>
<center><i>Fig 3. Histogram of ADS computation timings. (All verticals) </i></center><br>

- The number of XDS updates over the test grows additively with any current number of onboarded proxies, each iteration occupying more time until basically iterations overlap, given the rate at which OSM can compute ADS updates:
<p align="center">

>   <img src="../images/scale/ads.png" width="1250" height="225"/>

Reviewer: This image doesn't seem to be rendering for some reason.

This is what I see here: https://github.com/openservicemesh/osm-docs/blob/d4f4da67c2901e1fd6737927cd2d855bb72220c1/content/docs/scale/_index.md#ads-performance

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16093815/118292965-c8b3ef80-b49e-11eb-9069-e547e6a2cf5d.png)

Reviewer 3: if you reference images as `/docs/images/scale/<whatever>` they will now work correctly on the website and in preview on netlify.

Author: I saw it doesn't render, but I thought I saw it render on the page (incorrectly). But the image seems to be valid in the branch. Not quite sure what is going on.

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openservicemesh/osm-docs/d4f4da67c2901e1fd6737927cd2d855bb72220c1/content/docs/images/scale/ads.png

Any thoughts?

Author: I have removed the image and reference for now. I might reintroduce them at a later time.

Reviewer: Actually looks fine to me now. And I now realize I should've been the website view, but I'm surprised that's the only one that wasn't working.

Reviewer: Oh nvm, I was looking at the wrong image. I see you just removed this one.

</p>
<center><i>Fig 4. Function of number of ADS updates over time </i></center><br>

### OSM Injector

> - Injector can handle onboarding 20 pods concurrently per 0.5cpu, with rather stable times to create the 2048bit certificates and webhook handling staying regularly below 5s, with some outliers in the 5-10s and in very limitted ocasions in the 10-20s (and probably closer to 10).

Reviewer: Nits:
```suggestion
- Injector can handle onboarding 20 pods concurrently per 0.5cpu, with rather stable times to create the 2048-bit certificates and webhook handling staying regularly below 5s, with some outliers in the 5-10s and in very limited occasions in the 10-20s (and probably closer to 10).
```

Author: :+1:

- Since 99% of the webhook handling time happens in the RSA certificate creation context, injector should scale rather linearly with added vcpu.
  
<p align="center">
  <img src="../images/scale/sidecar-inj.png" width="850" height="220"/>
</p>
<center><i>Fig 5. Heatmap of sidecar injection timings / webhook handling times. </i></center><br>

### Prometheus

> - Our control plane qualification testing has disabled envoy scrapping for the time being.

Reviewer: s/scrapping/scraping/ throughout:
```suggestion
- Our control plane qualification testing has disabled envoy scraping for the time being.
```

Author: :+1: , removed same mispell on few other places
